That is more of a man.
What do you think?
You might have a few other things to make me do.
Oh, man.
I know that.
No, wait a minute.
Please, please.
Okay, we've got a bridge, okay?
Okay, let me grab the bridge.
Okay.
No, no, no, no.
Okay, let me play a nice and loud.
And you know I heard it.
I'm not a little bit loud.
I mean, you'll be able to move on every time.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, no.
I'm not going to play any of this.
I'm going to play any of this.
Yeah, I'm going to play any of this.
I'm going to make sure it's burning.
Yeah, and then come on.
All LINK and grab the bridge.
Uh...
Maybe I'm hungry.
But if anyone likes this,
I'm going to make sure it's burning.
Yeah.
Maybe I'm going to make sure it's burning.
Thank you.
Uh...
Yeah.